<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c-cdc_in_traditional_databases">
  <title>CDC in traditional databases</title>
  <conbody>
    <p><keyword conref="../../_metadata/reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> provides CDC
      support for all the traditional relational databases. <keyword
        conref="../../_metadata/reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> uses a
      subscriber/publish architecture wherein publisher captures the change data and makes it
      available to the subscribers. The two main CDC modes are the Trigger mode and Redo/Archive
      logs mode. Almost all the relational databases use Trigger mode except for Oracle which uses
      Redo/Archive log mode for capturing changes in the source data. </p>
    <p>For Trigger mode to work, the database needs to be already enabled with CDC. This is
      typically done by stored procedures within that database. For example, in SQL Server, CDC is
      enabled by executing <filepath>sys.sp_cdc_enable_db</filepath>.</p>
    <p>Talend needs its own metadata for CDC to work. These are the
        <uicontrol>SUBSCRIBER</uicontrol> table, which tracks the tables for changes and the
        <uicontrol>Change</uicontrol> table which tracks the changes to the data in the table
      itself. This is primarily done by creating CDC Metadata in the repository and using the
      metadata in the Talend CDC components. <keyword
        conref="../../_metadata/reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> provides CDC
      components such as <uicontrol>tOracleCDC</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>tAS400CDC</uicontrol>,
        <uicontrol>tDB2CDC</uicontrol>, etc. </p>
    <p deliveryTarget="online">For more information about Change Data Capture, see the <keyword
        conref="../../_metadata/variables_Products.dita#topic/183"/> User Guide.</p>
    <p deliveryTarget="offline"> For more information about Change Data Capture, see the <keyword
        conref="../../_metadata/variables_Products.dita#topic/183"/> User Guide on Talend Help Center
        (<xref href="https://help.talend.com" format="html" scope="external"
        >https://help.talend.com</xref>).</p>
    <p>CDC can also be achieved by storing the date and time of when the record was last updated.
      Then the filter can be applied to the extraction layer of the source system.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
