<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c-dq_portal_and_dq_data_mart-talend_software_components" xml:lang="en">
 <title><keyword conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/tdqp"/> and Data
  Quality Data Mart</title>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_g4r_cf1_h1b">
   <title><keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/44"/></title>
   <p>The <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/44"/> allows business users
    to view Data Quality reports and dashboards via a web interface.</p>
   <p>Technical Details:</p>
   <ul id="ul_w5g_2f1_h1b">
    <li>Server component</li>
    <li>It is a web application and is accessed via a web browser.</li>
    <li>There can be many instances of the <keyword
      conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/44"/>, depending on business
     requirements.</li>
    <li>Hosted on Tomcat only (can be same Tomcat as <keyword
      conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/>)</li>
    <li><keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Installers.dita#topic/399"/> can install the
      <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/44"/> and Tomcat (v6)
     together.</li>
    <li>In addition to the relational database for the report data, an HSQL database is used for
     environment / user management.</li>
    <li>The web application server is typically run as a Service / Daemon.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ufy_jf1_h1b">
   <title><uicontrol>Data Quality Data Mart</uicontrol></title>
   <p>The <uicontrol>Talend DQ Data Mart</uicontrol> is a database that holds the results of the
    execution of data quality reports. A data quality report can be executed directly from the
     <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/42"/>
    <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Perspectives.dita#topic/233"/> perspective, or within
    a data integration Job that executes a specified report.</p>
   <p>Technical Details:</p>
   <ul id="ul_egy_lf1_h1b">
    <li>Server component</li>
    <li>Only MySQL and Oracle databases are supported.</li>
    <li>Small – Medium size database: does not hold any actual source data.</li>
    <li>Evolutionary Reports: all results from all report runs</li>
    <li>Basic reports: last run of report</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
