<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c-subversion-talend_software_components" xml:lang="en">
 <title>SubVersion</title>
 <conbody>
  <p><keyword conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> uses
      Subversion as a repository for <keyword
        conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> projects. Subversion
      is a software versioning and revision control system from Apache. It is distributed as free
      software under the Apache license. Some common distributions are:</p>
  <ul id="ul_ozc_511_h1b">
   <li>
    <p>Visual SVN Server (<xref href="http://www.visualsvn.com/server/" format="html"
      scope="external">http://www.visualsvn.com/server/</xref>)</p>
   </li>
   <li>CollabNet Subversion Edge (<xref href="http://www.collab.net/downloads/subversion"
    format="html" scope="external">http://www.collab.net/downloads/subversion</xref>)</li>
  </ul>
  <p><keyword conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> stores Jobs,
      connections, schema definitions, custom jars, third party libraries, and properties files in
      Subversion. It also provides a versioning system for <keyword
        conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> projects and
      artifacts within the projects. Developers can transparently use common functions Get,
      Checkout, Commit without even knowing it.</p>
  <p>Generally, Subversion is only needed in the development environment. The only exception is when
   using <keyword conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/p_mdm"/>, where a
   Subversion instance is needed in test and production environments to properly deploy <keyword
    conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/p_mdm"/> artifacts.</p>
  <p>Note that <keyword conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> does
   not support the SVN Merge functionality. Hence, changes are overwritten once the user decides
   which version to keep. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
