<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c-talend_administration_center-talend_software_components-tdm" xml:lang="en">
 <title><keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/></title>
 <conbody>
  <p>
   <div> The <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/> is a server
    component that enables the following: <ul id="ul_apr_r1n_h1b">
     <li>Environment Configuration</li>
     <li>User/Role Administration</li>
     <li>Project Administration</li>
     <li>Authorization</li>
     <li>Tasks Scheduling and Execution (Job Conductor)</li>
     <li>Monitoring</li>
     <li>Recovery &amp; Restart of Tasks<p/></li>
    </ul><p>The <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/> (also commonly
     referred to as TAC) is a web application that can be hosted on Tomcat, JBoss and/or Weblogic.
     It is a fully compliant web application and comes packaged as a war file. It also controls the
     access to other <keyword conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"
     /> applications like the <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/47"/>,
     Drools Guvnor, Kibana, <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/53"/> and
     others.</p><p>In general, only one <keyword
      conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/> is needed per <keyword
      conref="../../_metadata//reuse-common_variables.dita#variables/company"/> environment.</p><p>The
      <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/> will maintain Admin
     Metadata (users, project definition, authorization, scheduler tasks, configuration, etc.)
     within a database. This database is solely accessed by the <keyword
      conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/>. The database is generally small in
     size (less than 1 GB) even with thousands of tasks running on the Job Conductor.</p><p>The
     supported databases for the <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Modules.dita#topic/38"/>
     are H2, MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server and PostgreSQL.</p><p deliveryTarget="online">For more
     information about the supported and recommended versions of these databases, see the <keyword
      conref="../../_metadata//variables_Products.dita#topic/183"/> Installation Guide.</p><p
     deliveryTarget="offline">For more information about the supported and recommended versions of
     these databases, see the <keyword conref="../../_metadata//variables_Products.dita#topic/183"/>
     Installation Guide on Talend Help Center (<xref href="https://help.talend.com" format="html"
      scope="external">https://help.talend.com</xref>). </p></div>
  </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
